I'm sorry, aunt, I shouldn't have said that Yueyue is a bitch
Auntie apologizes to you
Yes, uncle said sorry to you too.
Then I forgive you
Monthly serious illness
Since it's alright, I'll go first
Just come to see Long Shuai in three days.
Hey, we'll be on time.
Thank you Long and Feng for making a trip in person
Ye Fanxin Rongrong Sedum
Don't be complacent
We'll see.
You go too
I want to rest well
Then grandma have a good rest
This Longjing day
Is it really just an ordinary palmistry?
Mom and Dad, we don't have a car.
Are you going to walk back?
Oops
Forget about leaving the car tomorrow
Yeah, you can't get a cab from this place at all
Don't worry, I have a way.
You want to borrow someone else's, don't you?
It's not good to always borrow from others
So I went to the old housekeeper to borrow an electric car
You took us on an electric bike